Update "Document Message" Doc (#726)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/message-construction/document-message.md

## Synapse configuration of the artifacts

Given below is the synapse configuration of this sample.

=== "Proxy Service"
    ```xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <proxy name="DocumentMessageProxy" startOnLoad="true" transports="http https" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
        <target>
        <inSequence>
            <call>
                <endpoint key="SimpleStockEp"/>
            </call>
            <respond/>
        </inSequence>
        <faultSequence/>
        </target>
    </proxy>
    ```
=== "Endpoint"
    ```xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <endpoint name="SimpleStockEp" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
        <address uri="http://localhost:9000/services/SimpleStockQuoteService">
        <suspendOnFailure>
            <initialDuration>-1</initialDuration>
            <progressionFactor>1</progressionFactor>
        </suspendOnFailure>
        <markForSuspension>
            <retriesBeforeSuspension>0</retriesBeforeSuspension>
        </markForSuspension>
        </address>
    </endpoint>
    ```

Let's investigate the elements of the configuration in detail.

> - Proxy Service - The proxy service takes requests and forwards them to the backend service, abstracting the routing logic from the client. In this example scenario, the proxy service just forwards requests to the backend service following the Document Message EIP style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Proxy Service - The proxy service receives requests and forwards them to the backend service, abstracting the routing logic from the client. In this example scenario, the proxy service simply forwards requests to the backend service following the Document Message EIP style.
```

          ```bash
          axis2server.bat
          ``` 

7. Download the artifacts of the sample.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/attachments/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/DocumentMessage.zip">
        <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/download-zip.png" width="200" alt="Download ZIP">
    </a>

8. Import the artifacts to WSO2 MI.

    Click **File** -> **Open Folder** -> Select the extracted ZIP file to import the downloaded ZIP file.

9. Start the project in the WSO2 MI server.

    For instructions, go to [Build and Run]({{base_path}}/develop/deploy-artifacts/#build-and-run) Documentation.

## Execute the sample

Send the following request to the above proxy service.

```
POST /services/DocumentMessageProxy HTTP/1.1
Host: localhost:8290
Content-Type: text/xml
soapAction: urn:getQuote

<soapenv:Envelope xmlns:soapenv="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/">
   <soapenv:Header/>
   <soapenv:Body>
      <ser:getQuote xmlns:ser="http://services.samples">
         <ser:request>
            <ser:symbol>IBM</ser:symbol>
         </ser:request>
      </ser:getQuote>
   </soapenv:Body>
</soapenv:Envelope>
```

## Analyze the output

> A message similar to the one below appears in the simple axis2server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A message similar to the one below appears in the Axis2 server.
```

| Document Message                | Proxy Service                                |
| Receiver                        | Simple Stock Quote Service Instance          |

> 

Reviewer 2: Let's remove Figure 1, Figure 2
